[Music]
on a portable power bank Wireless AP SD
card and USB reader for your mobile
devices check the link in the video
description to learn more about the a
data - drive air AE 400 welcome to my
unboxing of the prime edition keyboard
from tte sports so this guy right here
is marine King Prime and he had a lot to
do with the design of this keyboard it's
very different from the regular
thermaltake mecha g1 still has 50
million keystroke longevity but you'll
get that from pretty much any Cherry MX
key switch keyboard it has custom picked
key caps as well as Cherry MX brown
switches so that is where the
differences really come in they've got a
spiel from him on here there we go
so marine King they've actually got that
spelled wrong hopefully he doesn't get
bothered too much by that in games like
Starcraft 2 the speed at which you can
queue up commands another typo that's
okay is and build an army while
simultaneously attacking and defending
means that you too can be king of the
Marines basically you can read the whole
thing if you want to pause the video and
read it so the mecha g1 is a very
well-built mechanical keyboard we
already have one of them here in the
office and this one shares many of the
same characteristics there's your
warranty card right there as well as a
wrist rest it's got a nice nice glossy
red finish on it right there including
the 1000 Hertz polling rate so this
could theoretically result in a slightly
lower latency when inputting command so
whether or not you'd notice the
difference between you know say 500
Hertz and 1000 Hertz is up to the
individual user but I think many would
notice the difference between a typical
125 Hertz keyboard and a thousand Hertz
keyboard in terms of the input response
time so here we find what is unique
about it so we still got the media keys
however the Escape key has been replaced
with a prime team logo right there it
has an outlandish black white pink and
red color scheme so to go along with the
sort of flamboyant attire that marine
came typically sports and we've got here
we go I guess that's pretty much it it's
a mecha g1 except it look
really cool and right of course
hopefully it comes with a key puller oh
here's one never know when you'll need a
key puller when you're about to do it
unboxing so you want to handy at all
times ah yes so a man after my own heart
marine King Prime prefers Cherry MX
brown switches so Cherry MX brown
switches are a tactile switch but much
quieter than cherry MX blues Cherry MX
blue is have that really sort of well
deafening click it's very very loud
whereas a brown sounds closer to
something more like a black but you
still have that definite actuation point
feeling where you you can really feel
the key switch and get being actuated
moving on it has a built-in USB 2.0 port
as well as pastors for microphone and
headphone as well as what they're saying
is I think they call it like a
military-grade ruggedized cable and it
actually does happen to be phenomenally
rugged so thank you for checking out my
unboxing and overview of the Crime Team
keyboard from TT eSports don't forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips for more
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos let me know if you like the video
by clicking that their like button as
well as sharing the video with anyone
who you think might enjoy this
particular keyboard unboxing and don't
forget to subscribe
[Music]